It has been a few days that I can't go out of the apartment. Too dangerous. But I'm running out of food and water, so I will have to take the risk.

First things first. I need to make sure that there are no walkers just out of the door.
I look out the door and sure enough there is nothing out there. I turn around and pick up my weapon of choice... the trusty frying pan.

When I left the house, I tried to go to the nearest place possible looking out for the walkers. I managed to get to the garage at the end of the road safely but walkers surrounded me inside. It was still dripping in blood from yesterdays expedition.
I gripped onto the frying pan tightly and was ready for a scrap.
It was still covered in blood from yesterdays expedition. I was starting to question my choice of cooking vessel and pondered whether a wok or a skillet might have been able to do some more damage.

Nevertheless, my only mission now is to try and find food. I mean, what is the point of having my frying pan if I can't cook anything with it? 

My wife and daughter had already been turned. 

I couldn't focus on what I'd lost, I had to concentrate on surviving another day=======
I so tried to leave the garage, and decided it was now or never, i needed to make my way to the shops on Stoughten Road. Little did i know that the zomnies were waiting outside. I so ran as fast as i could, trying to get some distance between myself and the zombies before they could react.

Suddenly the zombies started running towards me.

Nevertheless, my only mission now is to try and find food. I mean, what is the point of having my frying pan if I can't cook anything with it?

My wife and daughter had already been turned. Which makes gathering resources easier. Things have been looking bleak ever since I left the apartment.

I was scared from the loss of my family... It was all i could think about. But i couldn't dwell, i will have plenty of time to mourn when i reach the safezone...

But will I ever get to the safe zone and will I eventually be safe? I hope I find others like me that have survived too. I don’t think I can do this alone.

Night was coming... I needed to find food and shelter...

I find out on the radio that there is a survivor's camp very nearby. It is guarded by military so it should be save. So I start to make my way over there.

On the way I come across another survivor in dissaray, who's going in the direction I came from

I stopped to say hi but he just stared at me, holding a shotgun in one hand and a knife in the other.

The thought of the safezone was the only thing keeping me going, but doubt entered my mind, what if it wasn't safe?

This knife could take life but that's already been taken from my wife.

Oh well, what else do I have to lose, other than my frying pan?

This knife could take life but that's already been taken from my wife. 


The memory of my wife was the only thing keeping me going, keeping me sane.

At least she has escaped all this carnage...

Hesitation was something I could not afford but paranoia filled my mind, as I continue to find safety, a metallic smell in the air and the sound of nothingness in the distance. 

Then I heard a clang. Metal slowly scraping eerily acrzombiestory.txt	getting pizza	11 hours ago
oss the ground

A zombie jumped out from the other side of the metal door and was trying to bite me. At the moment just before it could reach me, my body reacted automatically and hit the zombie using my frying pan, pieces of rotten flesh and drips of brown body liquid are splashed all over the ground. This was the first time for me to really destroy a zombie, it was disgushing, I vommited. But I know I have no time to spare in here, I have to move on to survive.

Gathering all my strength, I continue my journey to find food... Ah I'm craving pizza.

I run towards the safezone with my mouth stuffed with pizza.

As I continue to make my way to the safezone I see a Dominos. Do I risk getting pizza?

I choose to take the risk. As I cautiously enter I see a zombie rolling the dough my pizza toppings will go on. I feel sick.

I silently snuck behind the counter, hiding behind the stacks of empty pizza boxes.  I crouched and observed him for a while, then I silently snuck behind him and hit the zombie using my frying pan again.

The Zombie became enraged and knocked down the stack of pizza boxes

After hitting the zombie 3 times with the frying pan I realised that it had done nothing but aggrevate it, causing it to swipe at me.

Wait rolling dough? I look again to make sure it was a zombie I hit.

I dodged out of the way and ran as the zombie came after me.

I thought I was in the clear, but suddenly… I heard a rustle in the bush, who was watching me? 

Another zombie jumps out of the bush, but there is no need to panic. This zombie surely can't match me in a foot race...

I was wrong, it raised its hand and sprinted towards me. I whizzed across the street and ran into the first shop that seemed to be safe.

I stumbled inside the shop, gasping for breath. I finally felt safe, boy was I wrong... What I saw next I could never have prepared for...

It was the king of all zombies. Exactly what I had been warned about!